Add Design Guidelines (#55)
bevyengine/bevy_editor_prototypes: design-book/src/human-interface-guidelines.md

# Overview

- [Design Paradigms](./design-paradigms.md) - The design philosophy of Bevy's editor.
- [General Patterns](./general-patterns.md) - More specific patterns applying to the user interface as a whole, things like writing styles/icons/colors.

> These Guidelines are *heavily* influenced by Blender's amazing guidelines.
> [Blender's Guidelines](https://developer.blender.org/docs/features/interface/human_interface_guidelines/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These Guidelines are inspired by [Blender's amazing Human Interface guidelines](https://developer.blender.org/docs/features/interface/human_interface_guidelines/). Thanks!
```
